Become a Web Developer in 12 or 24 Weeks.
With the rising demand for web development skills across industries, The Coding Boot Camp at UNC Charlotte was designed to prepare students with the knowledge they need to tap into today’s digital economy.

Learn front-end and back-end technologies through a dynamic full-stack curriculum, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, React.js, Node.js, C#, .Net, Database Theory, Bookshelf.js, MongoDB, MySQL, Command Line, and Git.
Work together with your peers to tackle complex projects and get hands-on training through experiential learning opportunities with employers.
Take your new skills to the next level on challenging projects, building a portfolio of apps and projects to showcase your knowledge.
Receive a certificate in Coding: Full Stack Web Development from UNC Charlotte Continuing Education, demonstrating your achievement to future employers.
Benefit from a wide array of career support services like resume and social media profile support, technical interview preparation, portfolio reviews, soft skills training, and recruiting to help you put your best foot forward.
We provide you with the options you need to fit the demands of your life. Choose our 24-week, part-time program to advance your skills without leaving your day job, or choose our 12-week, immersive program to launch your career sooner and study at a faster pace. Both programs provide the opportunity to become part of a community of peers and dive into a life-changing experience. With classroom-based learning and hands-on projects, you’ll explore the theory and application of web development.
Program Benefits:
Are you looking to change career paths and break into the tech industry, advance in your current career, or expand your knowledge? If yes, and if you are hard working with a drive to succeed, then this could be for you. Other reasons this program might be the right move:

You are interested in freelancing to supplement your current income—or want to engage more productively in your current job.
You want to move companies or change careers—or switch from a non-technical to a technical role.
You dream of going “all in” on an entrepreneurial idea and want to gain the skills needed to build your product.
You are a constant learner and wish to gain additional knowledge or amplify your skillset while in college.